Grading rubric — 18 pts total (scaled to 100 pts)

Your peers will assess your mini-project according to the rubric given below. To guide you in determining whether your project satisfies each item in the rubric, please consult the video that demonstrates our implementation of "Rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock". Small deviations from the textual output of our implementation are fine. You should avoid large deviations (such as using the Python function input to input your guesses). Whether moderate deviations satisfy an item of the grading rubric is at your peers' discretion during their assessment.

Here is a break down of the scoring:

2 pts — A valid CodeSkulptor URL was submitted. Give no credit if solution code was pasted into the submission field. Give 1 pt if an invalid CodeSkulptor URL was submitted.
2 pts — Program implements the function rpsls() and the helper function name_to_number() with plausible code. Give partial credit of 1 pt if only the function rpsls() has plausible code.
1 pt — Running program does not throw an error.
1 pt — Program prints blank lines between games.
2 pts — Program prints "Player chooses player_choice" where player_choice is a string of the form "rock", "paper", "scissors", "lizard" or "Spock". An example of a complete line of output is "Player chooses scissors". Give 1 pt if program prints out number instead of string.
2 pts — Program prints "Computer chooses comp_choice" where comp_choice is a string of the form "rock", "paper", "scissors", "lizard" or "Spock". An example of a complete line of output is "Computer chooses scissors". Give 1 pt if program prints out number instead of string.
1 pt — Computer's guesses vary between five calls to rpsls() in each run of the program.
1 pt — Computer's guesses vary between runs of the program.
3 pts — Program prints either "Player and computer tie!", "Player wins!" or "Computer wins!" to report outcome. (1 pt for each message.)
3 pts — Program chooses correct winner according to RPSLS rules. Please manually examine 5 cases for correctness. If all five cases are correct, award 3 pts; four cases correct award 2 pts; one to three cases correct award 1 pt; no cases correct award 0 pts.
